README.md, before:

# recyclingapp

A new Flutter project.

## How to Contribute
1. Install Git
2. Open Command Line and enter `git clone https://github.com/recyclinginnova/recyling-app.git`
	- A new folder should be created in your current directory
3. Type `cd recyling-app`
4. Type `flutter run` to launch the app
	- You can also use an IDE to open the project such as Android Studio or Xcode
5. Type `git checkout <branch_name>` to switch to the relevant branch
	- i.e. if you are working on the "barcode scanning feature", use the "barcode-scanner" branch.
	- You can use `git checkout -b <new_branch_name> to create a new branch if a relevant branch doesn't exist
6. Now you can make the relevant changes as you like
	- Make sure you follow the Dart Style guide (link below)
8. After you've made your changes, type `git add .`
9. Type `git commit -m "<a_relatively_short_message_about_the_changes_you_have_made>"`
10. Type `git push`
	- Make sure you push to the relevant branch
	- You can type `git branch` to see which branch you are on right now
11. 😁 
12. Next time, before you make any changes, make sure you do `git pull` and then go to step 4
	- This will ensure your local repo is up to date with the remote one

## Links
- [Flutter documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/)
- [Dart Style guide](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart/style)

Commit message:

Add "how to pull request" section to README

README.md, after:

# recyclingapp

A new Flutter project.

## How to Contribute
1. Install Git
2. Open Command Line and enter `git clone https://github.com/recyclinginnova/recyling-app.git`
	- A new folder should be created in your current directory
3. Type `cd recyling-app`
4. Type `flutter run` to launch the app
	- You can also use an IDE to open the project such as Android Studio or Xcode
5. Type `git checkout <branch_name>` to switch to the relevant branch
	- i.e. if you are working on the "barcode scanning feature", use the "barcode-scanner" branch.
	- You can use `git checkout -b <new_branch_name>` to create a new branch if a relevant branch doesn't exist
6. Now you can make the relevant changes as you like
	- Make sure you follow the Dart Style guide (link below)
8. After you've made your changes, type `git add .`
9. Type `git commit -m "<a_relatively_short_message_about_the_changes_you_have_made>"`
	- You should commit regularly 
11. Type `git push`
	- Make sure you push to the relevant branch
	- You can type `git branch` to see which branch you are on right now
	- Push regularly
12. 😁 
13. Next time, before you make any changes, make sure you do `git pull` and then go to step 4
	- This will ensure your local repo is up to date with the remote one

### Making a Pull request
After you've finished working on your assigned issue, you need to make a pull request to push it to the main branch
1. Open Command Line and enter `git pull origin main`
2. On your Browser, go to [https://github.com/recyclinginnova](https://github.com/recyclinginnova/recyling-app)
3. Click on branches
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110348369/182360776-d4b8edb6-fdd3-40c6-a249-dece0afbadef.png)
5. Click on the "New pull request" button of the branch you were working on
6. Then click on the "Create pull request" button
	- You can leave a litte comment about what you've done if you like

## Links
- [Flutter documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/)
- [Dart Style guide](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart/style)
